Hmm
This movie is a file that contains a lot of
Because it is okay or not just hay fever
As you can see in this video, we will send you no sponsors
Hmmm
As soon as I opened the box of Leogar's, I was caught up with something
On Saturday night at 10 o'clock delivery for two entrances
I never saw it and I was going to travel with everyone last 2 weeks
But one ruler Sol should not get stuck during this trip Yes
So please make it through brilliantly whatever bokeh comes
It was a system that if you hit me, you will be given an on-the- fly penalty
It is about whether Narusawa and the powerhouse can be kept without thrusting
Than it somehow Yeah or stopped the other is a runny nose
I will come here at night , so let's do it
I 'm ping pong carby, but I'm strong or pillow throw
It seems that the pillow throw is still early as it is .
Oh penalty of it also Sodesune sorry Do Thay Yamamoto here is what
Oh, I haven't heard of it yet.
The penalty here is
Hmm
I think I 'm drinking drums every time
It changes with the frequency this time, but is it house or Waka Haiku before it starts drum roll?
Oh, I'm not scary again
This energy is
The fact that I wish the dinner excl many bath vent futon excl.
Yes, this is the number of times system once thrusts and dinner excl.
Where is it like you're stuck in a bath and twice like that ?
I wonder also feel we'll softening sly sleeping in a separate room just because the earlier motion sickness
Oh, I forgot to say that this penalty is until dinner time
The meaning of this trip is to spend time together, so after dinner we are free without penalty
It seems that it is good to spend
Though brought Hooray much trouble yo's right'm waiting early Yeah I Do Oh tricked Marisa
Yeah
Marisa's is the first time was Ashima'
Have you experienced this exhilaration already? Your own nurturing game
The master who takes from time to time also comes from buggy
Now I get a rare card grandma ah
So much if to Te' now frolic and dangerous increase
mother
It's pretty beautiful-Oh, sometimes trips are not bad for everyone together
Hey That's right Yamamoto softening
It seems that the work of Mr. Editing is left and it will be helped
It was hard to come to such a place
Hmm
When I say that I'm hungry I said I would eat in the bath and say I would go into the bath
Loud card Chan would echo that say you went yesterday
aabe
Ah ah ah ah
Yup
Hmm